# Dragon6 Terms of Service
#### Last Updated: April 2021

### **Overview**

DragonFruit Network is offering you a service, which is conditioned on your acceptance, without any modification whatsoever to the following terms, conditions, and notices. By visiting and/or using the services offered by this site (https://dragon6.dragonfruit.network) or any affiliated services (henceforth referenced as "Dragon6"), you are acknowledging your full compliance to the terms and conditions listed here. As a condition of your use of this web site, you warrant that you will not use this web site, or any of the content obtained from this web site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms. In addition to this policy, please also make sure to visit and understand our [Privacy Policy](/wiki/dragon6/legal/privacy). If you violate any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use the web site automatically terminates.

### **Description Of Service**

Dragon6 provides Rainbow Six gameplay statistics free of charge to end users, along with the ability to link accounts to other platforms for use with other Dragon6 products, like the Discord bot. Dragon6 also provides users with a means of hosting user created content allowing other users to gain access to uploaded content.

The Dragon6 management (hereby refered to as "We") make no guarantees as to whether any user-uploaded content and information is accurate, current, or of substantial quality. We assume no responsibility as to whether objectionable content has been uploaded and assume no responsibility over whether users have the rights to distribute uploaded content.

### **Modifications To Terms Of Service**

Dragon6 may change the terms and conditions of the TOS from time to time, without notice. Your failure to abide by the modified terms can (and likely will) result in termination of your access to Dragon6 services.

Your continued use of the Service consists of:

1.  an acknowledgment of the terms and its modifications
2.  and an agreement to abide and be bound by the TOS and its modifications

### **Modifications To Service**

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to you. DragonFruit Network shall not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service.

### **Warranty Disclaimer**

THE USER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT THEIR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YOU UNDERSTAND AND EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF Dragon6 SERVICES ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF Dragon6 SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH ON OUR SITES, Dragon6 DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE AND IT MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF Dragon6 SERVICES, REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH Dragon6 SERVICES, REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH Dragon6 SERVICES, REGARDING ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH Dragon6 SERVICES OR THAT Dragon6 SERVICES WILL MEET ANY USER'S REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE. The links to third party sites on this web site are for your convenience only, and the inclusion of such links within this web site does not imply any endorsement, guarantee, warranty or representation by Dragon6. Dragon6 user agrees that Dragon6 is hereby absolved from any and all liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including attorney's fees asserted against Dragon6, its agents, officers, employees, or associates, that may arise or result from any service provided, performed, be agreed to be performed by Dragon6. Dragon6 MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES Dragon6 MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.

### **Limitation of Liability**

IN NO EVENT SHALL Dragon6, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE Dragon6 WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WHILE THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, WHERE CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER RIGHTS ARE IMPLIED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE CONFERRED BY LAW, AND IT IS NOT LAWFUL OR POSSIBLE TO EXCLUDE THEM, THEN THOSE CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER RIGHTS WILL (BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW) APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT. AT THE OPTION OF Dragon6, OUR LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF IMPLIED CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES IS LIMITED, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW TO, IF THE BREACH RELATES TO GOODS, (I) THE REPLACEMENT OF THE GOODS OR THE SUPPLY OF EQUIVALENT GOODS, (II) THE REPAIR OF THE GOODS, (III) THE PAYMENT OF THE COST OF REPLACING THE GOODS OR OF ACQUIRING EQUIVALENT GOODS, OR (IV) THE PAYMENT OF HAVING THE GOODS REPAIRED AND, IF THE BREACH RELATES TO SERVICES, (I) THE SUPPLY OF THE SERVICES AGAIN; OR (II) THE PAYMENT OF THE COST OF HAVING THE SERVICES SUPPLIED AGAIN. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT Dragon6 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. The Website is controlled and offered by Dragon6 from its facilities in the European Union (EU). Dragon6 makes no representations that the Dragon6 Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Dragon6 Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.

### **Indemnity**

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dragon6, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Dragon6 Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Dragon6 Website.

### **Your use of content on the site**

You understand that when using the Dragon6, you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and that Dragon6 is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Submissions. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Dragon6 with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Dragon6, its Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the site.

### **User Submission and Content Removal Policy**

You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Dragon6 to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Service. In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Dragon6 all of the license rights granted herein. Dragon6 does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Dragon6 expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions. Dragon6 does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and Dragon6 will remove all Content and User Submissions if properly notified that such Content or User Submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights. Dragon6 reserves the right to remove Content and User Submissions without prior notice and restrict the use of submission features.